jeong-seon if you're out there you're
gonna taste this tonight hey Eddie you
know what I had to go through for this
know who I had to beat for this and now
he wants to take it he's just gonna come
in here and take it you gonna take it
from me I don't get where are you coming
from nightlight I don't care man you're
going through hell you take this from
John Cena just I'm gonna get you man I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna take that right
there off you
mark my words kiddo put your punk-ass
sunglasses longhaired top hat face on it
I stood up I slap your face straight off
your head that's what I do so please I'm
begging you try to take it because you
will not take this bill from me hey wait
John sit yeah big boy big boy I see you
got your eyes on my problem hey if you'd
only found me
well I think you're coming up a little
Danny DeVito in here if you know what
I'm saying you know ah don't let the
size fool you nuts in here I know that
and that's why I got this that's why I'm
holding this butt out you know what I
kind of like your style you know you
come busting in the door kickin it down
a team style I got a feeling he's a bad
bad man but you're still ain't getting
no shot on me I don't know about that
we'll theater shows that over yet for
you this is out of arms reach so I know
you ain't getting there yet we'll see
let's go through this video we'd be back
on hit records now live video everybody
thought Jake Rogers was an ordinary guy
until the day he woke up
with no clue what happened welcome next
to a dead FBI agent no chance for
survival
no God and no idea who he is I am
special ops my special ops you're a
janitor room rater this January I'm a
federal agent chase you must be a
support level agent assigned to assist
me I can take you someplace safe
I believe I'm there right now how do you
solve a murder
I'm some kind of black Rambo
okay blam bow when the only witness has
lost his mind
I'm undercover - chocolate my cinema
presents in association with film engine
I know you guys look at his face tell me
about Jake Rogers you gonna shoot me
that's what I've been waiting on if I
die I'm Tupac if I live off fifty said
shoot me my sandwich right here dude
glass shoot pizza fell cetera the
entertainer Lucy Liu and Nicollette
Sheridan code name the cleaner is some
serious super spastic or noise given me
a city maybe you hot bun 69 what I'm
sweaty and ready from the chat room Oh
hit records night live video any witness
in the house I told all right maybe we
won't act to you maybe I'll get one too
you know we'll do something like that we
work it in a different way but your new
album I'm so excited and we have the
trademark here we do trademark half of
the album you can't see me trademark is
like the silent partner don't don't try
to get him to talk you know say much
what he does he saw problems and fast
Eddy your problem E for the song you
know I'm saying yeah we need problem
solvers in this game we need problem
solvers in this game absolutely I got
one question for you do Before we jump
out of here tell me what the hell is
that
hit records night live video I swear I'm
gonna take this belt one way or another
but John Cena you crazy bro you know
what I can't give this to you
I really can't but I need to make you my
tag team partner hey you come looking
like you ready for a fight we can do
that we can we can we can do that you
can do that fight I think you belong in
a WWE with me don't you know that well
done I know you're all over the radio I
see you on TV you even on hit records
not like video for god sakes you're
making it happen this is what this way
is going down this is hit records
nightlife video he's got energy he's got
what it takes to hold this so as much as
I want you to run away with it I'm gonna
give it to you to hold man oh just for
one second because it's the right thing
to do you belong you know you show this
man because it's worse about why you do
you wanna kick it to the video man we
bad bad men up in here it's what we do
yeah I got it I got it
everybody thought Jake Rogers was an
ordinary guy until the day he woke up
with no clue what happened will come
next to a dead FBI agent no chance for
survival I'll go down and no idea who he
is I am special ops try special ops
you're a janitor room rater
this January I'm a federal agent you
must be agent assigned to assist me I
gotta take you someplace safe
I believe I'm there right now how do you
solve a murder I'm some kind of black
Rambo
okay blam bow when the only witness has
lost his mind
I'm undercover - my cinema presents in
association with film and I know you
guys right oh don't play dumb Jake
you're not playing look at his face tell
me about Jake Rogers you gonna shoot me
that's what I've been waiting on if I
die I'm too pop if I live up it is it
shooting my side like right here to play
shoot pizza fell separately entertainer
Lucy Liu and Nicollette Sheridan the
cleaner we have some serious super spy
stuff gore noise given me a city maybe
you hot bun 69 what I'm sweaty and ready
from the chat room Oh hit record live
video John Donne tell us about the album
I mean how many cuts on it what what do
we feel fast that he has 17 tracks is
you can't see me as in stores everywhere
and it's going like hotcakes it's 17
tracks they got the official theme music
at a champ on there my time is now you
got the single on there bad bad man
you've got some cool ass jams like right
now track four and you got the most
important jam buddy album if it all
ended tomorrow it's the very last one
track 17 they can expect a good ride
easy listen a little some for everybody
man I ain't gonna kill you
which is all gangsta music you know I'm
saying I'm coming with a little bit of
everything that's the way to do it it's
a new game it's a new day man
that's right trademark I told you you
don't speak unless it's 16 no I'm saying
that's when we make music and he solves
problems
so so what are your tour dates look like
man we already torn WWE toured over 300
days a year so when if people want to
see it we're gonna be there it's just
gonna be the show after the show you
come see me at the wrestling match and
after the party is the after-party we're
gonna find a place to blow up the spot
that's the way to do it man
that's how we do it John man you're the
man you're the man
you better hold on to that I'll take
get away from you you know Amy okay
Missy me let alone take this away well
listen lot's of luck and whenever you
ready do anything new we will see first
right here on hit records nightlife
video